and away it goes we use it to clear the
range before the gun shoot so you know
we can look out you can obviously get
height and look out farther than you
would be able to with say the CC clear
that we also use on the boat which has
similar capability as the camera on the
Primo but it obviously doesn't have the
height of the Puma can get because it
implies it's a great capability it's
definitely helped us out with don't
clear the range and I mean if you're in
a riverine environment which is where we
started out at it's great - you can see
down the bands and you know see who's on
the on the bank there and whatnot I got
you
that was I was flying it with the hand
control unit mission operator has a
laptop where we're actually able to
track it on a map or a chart that is
loaded up onto the laptop through a hard
drive and so we can see data around
what's going on and we can we can watch
the Puma has applause we always have
grids and we always keep an eye on where
it's at so let me know you know what
direction what bearing it is to us
so for where to go down a one kilometer
away we'd be able to track it down and
find it should be over here somewhere
I'm not landed yet today was smooth
today I was a good flight on no issues
was able to clear the range and cover
the bird but with no problem so it's a
good day
my recovery tomley recovery it's a great
time I mean it's it's I mean you get
paid to do that it's not a bad year now
it's not a bad gig whatsoever